README.md, before:

# Starlight
Starlight is the collection of Map Combo for the game Euro Truck Simulator 2 and American Truck Simulator.

All releases are available on our [releases](https://github.com/MysticMoonlight/StarlightMap/releases) page as ods format.

## Requirements
### Adventurer's Combo / Adventurer's Combo: Extended
* [Euro Truck Simulator 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/227300/)
* [Euro Truck Simulator 2: Going East!](https://store.steampowered.com/app/227310/)
* [Euro Truck Simulator 2: Scandinavia](https://store.steampowered.com/app/304212/)
* [Euro Truck Simulator 2: Viva la France!](https://store.steampowered.com/app/531130/)
* [Euro Truck Simulator 2: Italia](https://store.steampowered.com/app/558244/)
* [Euro Truck Simulator 2: Beyond the Baltic Sea](https://store.steampowered.com/app/925580/)
* [Euro Truck Simulator 2: Road to the Black Sea](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1056760/)
* [Euro Truck Simulator 2: Iberia](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1209460/)
* [Euro Truck Simulator 2: Special Transport](https://store.steampowered.com/app/558245) (Optional)

### Adventurer's Combo: America
* [American Truck Simulator](https://store.steampowered.com/app/270880/)
* [American Truck Simulator: Arizona](https://store.steampowered.com/app/463740/)
* [American Truck Simulator: New Mexico](https://store.steampowered.com/app/684630/)
* [American Truck Simulator: Oregon](https://store.steampowered.com/app/800370/)
* [American Truck Simulator: Washington](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1015160/)
* [American Truck Simulator: Utah](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1104880/)
* [American Truck Simulator: Idaho](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1209470/)
* [American Truck Simulator: Colorado](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1209471/)
* [American Truck Simulator: Wyoming](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1415692/)
* [American Truck Simulator: Montana](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1811080/)
* [American Truck Simulator: Special Transport](https://store.steampowered.com/app/962750) (Optional)

## Recommended Background Map
### Adventurer's Combo Series
#### Adventurer's Combo / Adventurer's Combo: Extended
Use this [fix](https://truckymods.io/euro-truck-simulator-2/ui/scs-scale-hack-disable) if the UK/Ireland/Faroes/Iceland appear out of position.

* [ProMods Complete Afroeurasia Background Map](https://truckymods.io/euro-truck-simulator-2/ui/promods-complete-afroeurasia-background-map)
* [Zoom Crash Fix](https://truckymods.io/euro-truck-simulator-2/ui/zoom-crash-fix) 

#### Adventurer's Combo: America
Zoom Crash fix is normally not needed, but if you encounter crashes while zooming, [try this fix](https://sharemods.com/8p9xpdozm6f7/CRASHFIX_HUGE_COMBOS.scs.html).
* [ProMods Pacific & North American Background Map](https://truckymods.io/american-truck-simulator/ui/promods-pacific-north-american-map-background)

### Mini Series
#### Mini Combo
Use this [fix](https://truckymods.io/euro-truck-simulator-2/ui/scs-scale-hack-disable) if the UK/Ireland/Faroes/Iceland appear out of position.

* [ProMods High Quality Background Map](https://truckymods.io/euro-truck-simulator-2/ui/promods-high-quality-background-map)
* [Zoom Crash Fix](https://truckymods.io/euro-truck-simulator-2/ui/zoom-crash-fix) 

#### Mini Combo America
Zoom Crash fix is normally not needed, but if you encounter crashes while zooming, [try this fix](https://sharemods.com/8p9xpdozm6f7/CRASHFIX_HUGE_COMBOS.scs.html).
* [ProMods Complete North American Background Map](https://truckymods.io/american-truck-simulator/ui/promods-complete-north-american-background-map)

## List of Combos
### Adventurer's Combo Series
Adventurer's Combo is an expansion map combo for Euro Truck Simulator 2 and American Truck Simulator.
It has 3 official editions: Adventurer's Combo, Adventurer's Combo: Extended, Adventurer's Combo: America.

Each editions has different contents included, with the following contents:
* Adventurer's Combo is based on pure ETS2 map with slight map improvements and expansion.
* Adventurer's Combo: Extended is based on ProMods Europe, aiming for complete expansion around the Europe.
* Adventurer's Combo: America is based on ATS/Reforma map with whole america expansion with additional carribean/pacific expansion. (This edition requires American Truck Simulator)

### Mini Series
This edition is for players who have lack of storage spaces and performances. This series has lack of expansions compared with Adventurer's Combo, instead aiming to improve whole areas and best performance.
Recommended for low-end/mid-end PCs.

This series features 2 editions, with the following contents:
* Mini Combo is based on ProMods, and it only includes America and limited Asia/Middle-East expansion. Does not include ROEXTENDED.
* Mini Combo: America is based on ATS/Reforma map, and it only includes america which is officially available with small Canada/Mexico expansion.

## Special Thanks to
* GMC Logistics, Vinnie Terranova for map combo examples and references
* All map creators from ETS2/ATS for your awesome works

## License
<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />All contents(including ods files, markdown files, releases, etc.) included on this repository are licensed under <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

Commit message:

Add discontinuation, add unfinished stuffs

README.md, after:

# Discontinuation notice
This project is discontinued indefinitely until further notice. More information can be found [here](https://github.com/MysticMoonlight/EnhancedMod/discussions/30).

# Starlight
Starlight is the collection of Map Combo for the game Euro Truck Simulator 2 and American Truck Simulator.

All releases are available on our [releases](https://github.com/MysticMoonlight/StarlightMap/releases) page as ods format.

## Requirements
### Adventurer's Combo / Adventurer's Combo: Extended
* [Euro Truck Simulator 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/227300/)
* [Euro Truck Simulator 2: Going East!](https://store.steampowered.com/app/227310/)
* [Euro Truck Simulator 2: Scandinavia](https://store.steampowered.com/app/304212/)
* [Euro Truck Simulator 2: Viva la France!](https://store.steampowered.com/app/531130/)
* [Euro Truck Simulator 2: Italia](https://store.steampowered.com/app/558244/)
* [Euro Truck Simulator 2: Beyond the Baltic Sea](https://store.steampowered.com/app/925580/)
* [Euro Truck Simulator 2: Road to the Black Sea](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1056760/)
* [Euro Truck Simulator 2: Iberia](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1209460/)
* [Euro Truck Simulator 2: Special Transport](https://store.steampowered.com/app/558245) (Optional)

### Adventurer's Combo: America
* [American Truck Simulator](https://store.steampowered.com/app/270880/)
* [American Truck Simulator: Arizona](https://store.steampowered.com/app/463740/)
* [American Truck Simulator: New Mexico](https://store.steampowered.com/app/684630/)
* [American Truck Simulator: Oregon](https://store.steampowered.com/app/800370/)
* [American Truck Simulator: Washington](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1015160/)
* [American Truck Simulator: Utah](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1104880/)
* [American Truck Simulator: Idaho](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1209470/)
* [American Truck Simulator: Colorado](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1209471/)
* [American Truck Simulator: Wyoming](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1415692/)
* [American Truck Simulator: Montana](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1811080/)
* [American Truck Simulator: Special Transport](https://store.steampowered.com/app/962750) (Optional)

## Recommended Background Map
### Adventurer's Combo Series
#### Adventurer's Combo / Adventurer's Combo: Extended
Use this [fix](https://truckymods.io/euro-truck-simulator-2/ui/scs-scale-hack-disable) if the UK/Ireland/Faroes/Iceland appear out of position.

* [ProMods Complete Afroeurasia Background Map](https://truckymods.io/euro-truck-simulator-2/ui/promods-complete-afroeurasia-background-map)
* [Zoom Crash Fix](https://truckymods.io/euro-truck-simulator-2/ui/zoom-crash-fix) 

#### Adventurer's Combo: America
Zoom Crash fix is normally not needed, but if you encounter crashes while zooming, [try this fix](https://sharemods.com/8p9xpdozm6f7/CRASHFIX_HUGE_COMBOS.scs.html).
* [ProMods Pacific & North American Background Map](https://truckymods.io/american-truck-simulator/ui/promods-pacific-north-american-map-background)

### Mini Series
#### Mini Combo
Use this [fix](https://truckymods.io/euro-truck-simulator-2/ui/scs-scale-hack-disable) if the UK/Ireland/Faroes/Iceland appear out of position.

* [ProMods High Quality Background Map](https://truckymods.io/euro-truck-simulator-2/ui/promods-high-quality-background-map)
* [Zoom Crash Fix](https://truckymods.io/euro-truck-simulator-2/ui/zoom-crash-fix) 

#### Mini Combo America
Zoom Crash fix is normally not needed, but if you encounter crashes while zooming, [try this fix](https://sharemods.com/8p9xpdozm6f7/CRASHFIX_HUGE_COMBOS.scs.html).
* [ProMods Complete North American Background Map](https://truckymods.io/american-truck-simulator/ui/promods-complete-north-american-background-map)

## List of Combos
### Adventurer's Combo Series
Adventurer's Combo is an expansion map combo for Euro Truck Simulator 2 and American Truck Simulator.
It has 3 official editions: Adventurer's Combo, Adventurer's Combo: Extended, Adventurer's Combo: America.

Each editions has different contents included, with the following contents:
* Adventurer's Combo is based on pure ETS2 map with slight map improvements and expansion.
* Adventurer's Combo: Extended is based on ProMods Europe, aiming for complete expansion around the Europe.
* Adventurer's Combo: America is based on ATS/Reforma map with whole america expansion with additional carribean/pacific expansion. (This edition requires American Truck Simulator)

### Mini Series
This edition is for players who have lack of storage spaces and performances. This series has lack of expansions compared with Adventurer's Combo, instead aiming to improve whole areas and best performance.
Recommended for low-end/mid-end PCs.

This series features 2 editions, with the following contents:
* Mini Combo is based on ProMods, and it only includes America and limited Asia/Middle-East expansion. Does not include ROEXTENDED.
* Mini Combo: America is based on ATS/Reforma map, and it only includes america which is officially available with small Canada/Mexico expansion.

## Special Thanks to
* GMC Logistics, Vinnie Terranova for map combo examples and references
* All map creators from ETS2/ATS for your awesome works

## License
<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />All contents(including ods files, markdown files, releases, etc.) included on this repository are licensed under <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.
